Maybe the season hasn't started yet.
Maybe the hotel hasn't opened yet.
Don't worry, Mr. Hammer.
In a few weeks you'll be cleaning up.
Yes, and making the beds. Go on, get out
of here. I can handle this rush myself.
600 rooms in the hotel and you have to
sleep here. How do you do, Mr. Hammer?
Why don't you whistle at the crossing?
You're just the woman I'm looking for.
Now whether you like it or not, I'm
gonna tell you about Florida real estate.
It's the first time it's ever been
mentioned down here, today. I'm sorry, but...
Do you know that property values
have increased 1929 since 1,000%?
Do you know that this is the biggest
development since Sophie Tucker?
Do you know that Florida is the show spot of America
and Cocoanut Beach is the black spot of Florida?